Her show you some example you don't see why we should between watching have to hide stupid.
I'd start as input output and latency.
So you click on this one too.
That story has a review host user's overview.
Don't you wish Haast have the highest speed.
So you click on it it shows you the difference.
Has that cost you the difference if you consume more active memory and so on and so on.
So there are a lot lot of useful information you can get from the OPs of course on other information
that's when you're in stand ups in your environment.
You will get a new tape on it of.
It's actually a house and a virtual machine.
So for example if we click on it I host number one and we check into Samadi you will find a new save
about do ops for example had hard work integration.
You will find an new one right there.
That's Khaled's do the wraps.
It show the design about develops a quick overview about the state of these holes by video ops like
you see right hand updates manager compliant.
That's me.
This one man complains We do update it.
If you remember when we do the updates section we create our profile.
Then we check the profile we do this is because I host so it shows here that do not update we do profile
available from the updates manager.
So the simul will get our very opposite him.
Of course you can't customize this one like that.
You can't put the widget in any place you want to use.
But as I heard you see the detail about the full story it was easier mode.
Unfortunately we didn't cover the mode.
But let's get a quick overview about it.